#labels Featured
=Changes in version 3.1.0 (released on 2011.04.30)=
This release uses Lucene 3.1.0 jars.

 * Issue 35: Lucene 3.1 compatible luke version (oss.akk)
 * Issue 36: XMLExporter generating invalid XML, when special characters are present in a TermVector field (Craig.Stires)
 * Issue 17: Recent changes to DocReconstructor sometimes cause null ref (solrtrey)
 * Issue 19: Custom directory implementation must be inherited from FSDirectory (mitja.lenic)
 * Issue 21: luke tarball needs to extract to a "luke" directory (bevan.koopman, Photodeus)
 * Issue 33: Term Positions increment incorrect (karolina.bernat)
 * Issue 27: Cannot add or edit documents using StandardAnalyzer (dean.thrasher)

=Changes in v. 1.0.1 (released on 2010.04.01)=
This release upgrades to Lucene 3.0.1 jars.

==New features and improvements==
 * Issue 5: Field value decoder for 32 bit numeric fields (float, int) missing.
 * Added support for XmlQueryParser.
 * Issue 12: Add option to specify custom XmlQueryParser.
==Bug fixes==
 * Issue 3: Analyzer plugin (and analyzers) don't work.
 * Issue 4: Compress flag no longer available.
 * Issue 14: Error while using custom similarity.

=Changes in v. 1.0.0 (released on 2009.12.23)=
This release just upgrades to Lucene 3.0 jars.
 
=Changes in v. 0.9.9.1 (released on 2009.11.20)=
This release upgrades to Lucene 2.9.1 jars and Hadoop 0.20.1 jars.

==New features and improvements==
  * Add per-field value decoders, for displaying field values that should be interpreted as numeric or date or binary values.
  * Improve the Analysis plugin to switch between the mixed and the only-new API.
  * Improve visibility and layout of Thinlet tables.
  * Add display of commit user data Map.
  * Add ability to edit per-commit user data Map

==Bug fixes==
  * Term frequency vectors were not displayed for selected field (reported by Benjamin Heilbrunn)